Little Go
Copyright 2011-2013 Patrick NÃ¤f (herzbube@herzbube.ch)

The information in this file is also available when displaying the "About" and
the "Licenses" tab from within the running application. The license files are
located in the source distribution in the subfolder resource/html.


This product uses the Go engine and computer player provided by the Fuego
library. Minor modifications have been made to the Fuego build process, and the
Fuego source code, to be able to build and use Fuego as a static library. Fuego
has been released under the LGPL license, the original software is available
from
  http://fuego.sourceforge.net/

Fuego, and by inheritance this product, make use of various facilities provided
by the Boost library. Boost is released under the Boost Software license, the
original software is available from
  http://www.boost.org/

MBProgressHUD is used in this product to display progress meters. The original
source code, which is copyright by Matej Bukovinski and released under the MIT
license, is available from
  https://github.com/matej/MBProgressHUD

Logging is achieved via the Cocoa Lumberjack framework, copyright by Deusty LLC
and released under the BSD 2-Clause license. The original source code is
available from
  https://github.com/robbiehanson/CocoaLumberjack
  
Reading and writing Zip archives is possible through the use of the ZipKit
framework. ZipKit was developed by Karl Moskowski and has been released under a
BSD-style license. The original source code is available from
  https://bitbucket.org/kolpanic/zipkit/

This product uses QuincyKit to provide a crash reporting service. QuincyKit in
turn incorporates the PLCrashReporter framework and the protobuf-c library to
achieve its task. QuincyKit and PLCrashReporter have been released under the MIT
license, while protobuf-c has been released under the Apache license v2.0.
Quincy is copyright by Andreas Linde, PLCrashReporter is copyright by Plausible
Labs Cooperative, Inc., and protobuf-c is copyright by Dave Benson. The source
code of the three components is available from
  https://github.com/therealkerni/QuincyKit
  http://code.google.com/p/plcrashreporter/
  http://code.google.com/p/protobuf-c/
